How do I remove a limitation from my account? | PayPal US PayPal logo Sign Up Personal PayPal for You Shopping & Rewards Buy Now, Pay Later Rewards PayPal credit and cards PayPal Debit Card Paying with PayPal Send & Receive Send money Request money Pool money Donate Start selling Manage Your Money Add cards and banks Security and safety Set up Direct Deposit Add cash Pay bills Savings and goals Cryptocurrency Get the App How PayPal Works Money Hub Business PayPal Open The platform for all business Business Types Enterprises Small Businesses Solopreneurs Partners Developers Accept Payments Online Checkout Installment Payments Guest Checkout Accept Venmo POS System Invoicing Payment Links Enterprise Payments Risk & Operations Make Payments Risk Management Fraud Protection Reporting Tools Shipping Financial Services Working Capital Loan Business Loan Business Debit Card Get Started Fees Payment Methods 3rd Party Integrations Business Resource Center Events Developer Help Log In Sign Up Help Center - Personal Account Home Home Payments and Transfers Disputes and Limitations My Account My Wallet Login & Security Seller Tools Personal Business scroll left scroll right How do I remove a limitation from my account? Before you begin A limited account means that you won’t be able to do certain things with your PayPal account. For example, you might not be able to send or withdraw money. Usually, we ask you to complete some steps to remove your account limitation. Go to your Resolution Center or click the bell icon at the top of your Dashboard for more info. If all the steps are completed and your account remains limited, it either means: We've already reviewed your account and sent you an email asking for more information. We're still reviewing the information you provided. If you're required to upload documents, review our tips for submitting documents . The time it takes to resolve an account limitation depends on the complexity of your specific case. In most cases, our customer service team can't remove your limitation over the phone. Please wait for us to contact you. If you received an email stating your account is limited, but don't see a limitation in the Resolution Center , you may have received a fake email. Forward it to phishing@paypal.com and we'll investigate it for you. After you forward us the email, delete it from your inbox. If you clicked any links or downloaded any attachments, log in to your account and view your payments. It's also a good idea to change your password. More ways we can help Resolution Center Fix transaction and account related issues Tax center Get your 1099-K and other tax info here Business Help Get help with using any  of our PayPal products Technical Help Find out how PayPal works for your business Message Center Send, receive, and view your PayPal messages Help Contact Fees Security Center Privacy Center Shop Apps Enterprise Partners About Newsroom Jobs Investor Relations Government Relations © 1999–2025 Accessibility Privacy Statement Cookies Legal PayPal is located at 2211 N 1st St. San Jose, CA 95131 We currently use cookies to improve and customize your experience on our site. If you accept, we’ll also use marketing cookies to show you personalized ads. Manage your cookies and learn more. Yes, I accept No, I decline Close