How do I convert my PEM format certificate to PKCS12? | PayPal US PayPal logo Sign Up Personal PayPal for You Shopping & Rewards Buy Now, Pay Later Rewards PayPal credit and cards PayPal Debit Card Paying with PayPal Send & Receive Send money Request money Pool money Donate Start selling Manage Your Money Add cards and banks Security and safety Set up Direct Deposit Add cash Pay bills Savings and goals Cryptocurrency Get the App How PayPal Works Money Hub Business PayPal Open The platform for all business Business Types Enterprises Small Businesses Solopreneurs Partners Developers Accept Payments Online Checkout Installment Payments Guest Checkout Accept Venmo POS System Invoicing Payment Links Enterprise Payments Risk & Operations Make Payments Risk Management Fraud Protection Reporting Tools Shipping Financial Services Working Capital Loan Business Loan Business Debit Card Get Started Fees Payment Methods 3rd Party Integrations Business Resource Center Events Developer Help Log In Sign Up Help Center - Personal Account Home Home Payments and Transfers Disputes and Limitations My Account My Wallet Login & Security Seller Tools Business scroll left scroll right How do I convert my PEM format certificate to PKCS12? To convert your PEM certificate to a PKCS12 certificate, use a third-party tool. PayPal recommends OpenSSL, which you can download at www.openssl.org . The following instructions assume that you retain the default certificate filename of "cert_key_pem.txt." Before you begin, note the following: Windows users – If you get an error saying “openssl is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file,” this means that openssl is not in your PATH. To resolve this, either add the directory that contains the OpenSSL binary to your system PATH or save your PEM certificate file in the directory where the OpenSSL binary is. Depending on where you’ve installed OpenSSL, you should find the OpenSSL binary (openssl.exe) in the OpenSSL installation bin folder. UNIX users – These instructions are Windows-centric. Most UNIX hosts have OpenSSL already installed. If you’re on a UNIX host, the command to convert the PEM to a .p12 file is the same as for Windows. Check to see if you have OpenSSL by typing openssl at the command line and pressing Enter. If you get anything other than an error indicating that OpenSSL can’t be found, your machine likely has OpenSSL already installed and you can try running the command in Step 2. 1. Open a command prompt and navigate to the directory that contains the cert_key_pem.txt file. 2. Execute the following OpenSSL command to create a PKCS12 (.p12) file: openssl pkcs12 -export -inkey cert_key_pem.txt -in cert_key_pem.txt -out cert_key.p12 Note: To convert a PKCS12 certificate to PEM, use the following command: openssl pkcs12 -in cert_key.p12 -out cert_key.pem -nodes 3. After you enter the command, you'll be prompted to enter an Export Password. Choose a password or phrase and note the value you enter ( PayPal Developer documentation calls this the "private key password.") 4. A file called cert_key.p12 is created in this directory. This is your .p12 file. More ways we can help Resolution Center Fix transaction and account related issues Tax center Get your 1099-K and other tax info here Business Help Get help with using any  of our PayPal products Technical Help Find out how PayPal works for your business Message Center Send, receive, and view your PayPal messages Help Contact Fees Security Center Privacy Center Shop Apps Enterprise Partners About Newsroom Jobs Investor Relations Government Relations © 1999–2025 Accessibility Privacy Statement Cookies Legal PayPal is located at 2211 N 1st St. San Jose, CA 95131 We currently use cookies to improve and customize your experience on our site. If you accept, we’ll also use marketing cookies to show you personalized ads. Manage your cookies and learn more. Yes, I accept No, I decline Close