How to Release Payments on Hold | PayPal US PayPal logo Sign Up Personal PayPal for You Shopping & Rewards Buy Now, Pay Later Rewards PayPal credit and cards PayPal Debit Card Paying with PayPal Send & Receive Send money Request money Pool money Donate Start selling Manage Your Money Add cards and banks Security and safety Set up Direct Deposit Add cash Pay bills Savings and goals Cryptocurrency Get the App How PayPal Works Money Hub Business PayPal Open The platform for all business Business Types Enterprises Small Businesses Solopreneurs Partners Developers Accept Payments Online Checkout Installment Payments Guest Checkout Accept Venmo POS System Invoicing Payment Links Enterprise Payments Risk & Operations Make Payments Risk Management Fraud Protection Reporting Tools Shipping Financial Services Working Capital Loan Business Loan Business Debit Card Get Started Fees Payment Methods 3rd Party Integrations Business Resource Center Events Developer Help Log In Sign Up Help Center - Personal Account Home Home Payments and Transfers Disputes and Limitations My Account My Wallet Login & Security Seller Tools Personal Business scroll left scroll right How can I release my payment(s) on hold? Log in to
    your account and click on Know your options under your PayPal balance, to see if you
    can help release your payments on hold. You may be able to release eligible payments by following one of the below steps: Add Tracking . Use one of our approved shipping carriers and we’ll release the hold approximately 24 hours after the courier confirms delivery to the buyer’s address. Update the order status if the held payment is for a service or intangible item (e.g. piano lessons, e-book). We'll release the hold 7 days after you confirm the order status as Completed . Print shipping labels with us. We’ll track the item and release the hold approximately 24 hours after the courier confirms delivery to the buyer’s address. In rare cases, after these steps are completed, we may need to hold the payment for up to 21 days . For example, this can happen if we notice an unusual change in your selling patterns. To add tracking information or update an order status: Go to your Activity . Find the purchase you want to update and click Get your money . If you sold a product, choose “Product” to add tracking information or print a shipping label. If you sold an intangible item or service, choose “Service or virtual product” to update the order status. You can update the order status to Completed, Pending, or Canceled. Click Submit . More ways we can help Resolution Center Fix transaction and account related issues Tax center Get your 1099-K and other tax info here Business Help Get help with using any  of our PayPal products Technical Help Find out how PayPal works for your business Message Center Send, receive, and view your PayPal messages Help Contact Fees Security Center Privacy Center Shop Apps Enterprise Partners About Newsroom Jobs Investor Relations Government Relations © 1999–2025 Accessibility Privacy Statement Cookies Legal PayPal is located at 2211 N 1st St. San Jose, CA 95131 We currently use cookies to improve and customize your experience on our site. If you accept, we’ll also use marketing cookies to show you personalized ads. Manage your cookies and learn more. Yes, I accept No, I decline