How do I open a dispute with a seller? | PayPal US PayPal logo Sign Up Personal PayPal for You Shopping & Rewards Buy Now, Pay Later Rewards PayPal credit and cards PayPal Debit Card Paying with PayPal Send & Receive Send money Request money Pool money Donate Start selling Manage Your Money Add cards and banks Security and safety Set up Direct Deposit Add cash Pay bills Savings and goals Cryptocurrency Get the App How PayPal Works Money Hub Business PayPal Open The platform for all business Business Types Enterprises Small Businesses Solopreneurs Partners Developers Accept Payments Online Checkout Installment Payments Guest Checkout Accept Venmo POS System Invoicing Payment Links Enterprise Payments Risk & Operations Make Payments Risk Management Fraud Protection Reporting Tools Shipping Financial Services Working Capital Loan Business Loan Business Debit Card Get Started Fees Payment Methods 3rd Party Integrations Business Resource Center Events Developer Help Log In Sign Up Help Center - Personal Account Home Home Payments and Transfers Disputes and Limitations My Account My Wallet Login & Security Seller Tools Personal Business scroll left scroll right How do I open a dispute with a seller? Contacting the seller is often the best way to solve a problem. You can find their contact details by going to your Activity and selecting the payment. They may be able to issue a refund or help with a return. Make sure you file your dispute within the correct dispute-filing timeframe . Here's how to open a dispute from the web: Go to the Resolution Center and click Report a Problem . Select the payment and click Continue . Select the reason for your dispute, such as: Unauthorized activity in your PayPal account (a payment you don't recognize or are confident you didn't authorize). Issues with your purchase (a purchase doesn’t arrive or match the seller’s description). Issues with the Seller (a seller is not co-operating and doesn’t respond to your messages, or you're simply unable to reach an agreement). Billing errors or Issues with subscriptions (you've been charged more than once). Select the option that best describes your issue and click Continue . To open a dispute on the app: Go to Activity and tap the transaction you want to report. Scroll to the bottom and tap Report a Problem . Select the type of issue you have, including any relevant details, and tap Submit . In a Purchase Protection (Item Not Received or Significantly Not as Described) dispute, you can exchange messages with the other party in your Resolution Center to try to solve the problem. If you’re unable to settle the dispute, you can escalate it to a claim. To escalate a dispute, we often require that at least 7 days have passed since the payment date. By escalating a dispute to a claim, you’re asking PayPal to investigate and decide the outcome. A dispute will automatically close after 20 days unless it’s been escalated. Closed disputes cannot be reopened or escalated to a claim. More ways we can help Resolution Center Fix transaction and account related issues Tax center Get your 1099-K and other tax info here Business Help Get help with using any  of our PayPal products Technical Help Find out how PayPal works for your business Message Center Send, receive, and view your PayPal messages Help Contact Fees Security Center Privacy Center Shop Apps Enterprise Partners About Newsroom Jobs Investor Relations Government Relations © 1999–2025 Accessibility Privacy Statement Cookies Legal PayPal is located at 2211 N 1st St. San Jose, CA 95131 We currently use cookies to improve and customize your experience on our site. If you accept, we’ll also use marketing cookies to show you personalized ads. Manage your cookies and learn more. Yes, I accept No, I decline