I want my money back. Can I cancel a payment? | PayPal US PayPal logo Sign Up Personal PayPal for You Shopping & Rewards Buy Now, Pay Later Rewards PayPal credit and cards PayPal Debit Card Paying with PayPal Send & Receive Send money Request money Pool money Donate Start selling Manage Your Money Add cards and banks Security and safety Set up Direct Deposit Add cash Pay bills Savings and goals Cryptocurrency Get the App How PayPal Works Money Hub Business PayPal Open The platform for all business Business Types Enterprises Small Businesses Solopreneurs Partners Developers Accept Payments Online Checkout Installment Payments Guest Checkout Accept Venmo POS System Invoicing Payment Links Enterprise Payments Risk & Operations Make Payments Risk Management Fraud Protection Reporting Tools Shipping Financial Services Working Capital Loan Business Loan Business Debit Card Get Started Fees Payment Methods 3rd Party Integrations Business Resource Center Events Developer Help Log In Sign Up Help Center - Personal Account Home Home Payments and Transfers Disputes and Limitations My Account My Wallet Login & Security Seller Tools Personal Business scroll left scroll right I want my money back. Can I cancel a payment? Canceling a completed payment immediately is generally not an option because the other party already has the money. Contacting the seller is usually the best way to resolve a problem. You can find their contact details by going to your Activity and selecting the payment. They may be able to issue a refund or help with a return. Otherwise, you can file a dispute within the correct dispute-filing timeframe . Here's how to open a dispute on the web: Go to the Resolution Center . Click Report a Problem . Select the payment and click Continue . Select the reason for your dispute, such as: I didn’t receive the item purchased. The product or service is not as described. I have a billing issue Add any relevant information and click Submit . To open a dispute on the app: Go to Activity and tap the transaction you want to report. Scroll to the bottom and tap Report a Problem . Select the type of issue you have, including any relevant details, and tap Submit . In a dispute, you can message the seller through PayPal to try to resolve any issues. If you cannot resolve the dispute, you have 20 days to escalate the dispute to a claim. In a claim, we investigate the case and decide the outcome. You can check the progress of a dispute or claim at any time in your Resolution Center . More ways we can help Resolution Center Fix transaction and account related issues Tax center Get your 1099-K and other tax info here Business Help Get help with using any  of our PayPal products Technical Help Find out how PayPal works for your business Message Center Send, receive, and view your PayPal messages Help Contact Fees Security Center Privacy Center Shop Apps Enterprise Partners About Newsroom Jobs Investor Relations Government Relations © 1999–2025 Accessibility Privacy Statement Cookies Legal PayPal is located at 2211 N 1st St. San Jose, CA 95131 We currently use cookies to improve and customize your experience on our site. If you accept, we’ll also use marketing cookies to show you personalized ads. Manage your cookies and learn more. Yes, I accept No, I decline